---
permalink: /
title: "Academic Pages is a ready-to-fork GitHub Pages template for academic personal websites"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Olá, my name is Eduardo, I am an Assistant Professor of Computational Biology at [MBZUAI](https://mbzuai.ac.ae). I completed my PhD in Bioengineering at Caltech, where I focused on computational and experimental method development for single cell omics. Before joining MBZUAI I was a founding scientist at [Retro Biosciences](https://retro.bio), a biotechnology startup focused on aging biology, and bioinformatics lead at [ImYoo](https://imyoo.health), a biotechnology startup leveraging single cell omics to advance patient-centric precision medicine. 

My main research interest is on developing methods and tools for working with biological data generated by single cell omics technologies, which are key to advancing precision medicine. I am particularly interested in single cell RNA sequencing data, which is now being generated much faster than researchers can analyze it. I am establishing a research group to develop new methods and tools that can streamline biological analysis and make it easy to ask biological questions about the data for researchers of all backgrounds, and to explore the development of interactive analysis tools that incorporate recent advances in machine learning, such as natural language models, which can make biological analysis easier, faster and broaden access to more researchers. My research interests are further outlined in this [research talk]([url](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGDB0KIrCM/_EP_uuAKdCrV8SZtik-zTA/view)).

**I am currently recruiting a postdoctoral scholar to work with me at MBZUAI in Abu Dhabi on the development of computational methods and tools for processing and analyzing single cell omics data. Interest in collaboration, teaching and mentorship experience is highly valuable, as the MBZUAI computational biology department is very new, and we are in the intial steps of organizing many teaching and research initiatives in computational biology. MBZUAI  If this interests you, do not hesitate to reach out to me at eduardo.beltrame at mbzuai.ac.ae.**

Aditionally, if you are looking for permanent faculty positions. MBZUAI has an ongoing search for [Open Rank Faculty in Computational Biology](https://mbzuai.ac.ae/vacancy/open-rank-faculty-computational-biology/). If you are interested in applying, do not hesitate to reach out.
